Update use-dmarc-to-validate-email.md (#9504)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/use-dmarc-to-validate-email.md

- Admins create an Exchange mail flow rule (also known as a transport rule) for all users that allows messages for those particular senders.

> - Admins create an Exchange mail flow rule (also known as a transport rule) for all users reject emails that fail your organizations DMARC Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Admins create an Exchange mail flow rule (also known as a transport rule) for all users for rejected emails that fail your organization's DMARC policy.
```
